As the focus of the latest assignment was on developing a HTML webpage, the weeks leading up to it were focussed on developing knowledge of the technologies. 
The provided html documents were the pieces of classword submitted in Weeks 1 and 2 of the semester. The documents have a clear progression in skill; the first has no formatting or interesting layout and is similar in layout to a Google Docs or Word document. In contrast, the second includes more components, such as divs and images, includes CSS styling and has a more complex layout than the first. 

The final assessment submitted and the second provided document have multiple similarities; both have fillers on the side of the content, both have a one-column layout in the middle. This shows the knowledge gained from practising HTML assisted for the development of the assessment. Additionally, during the development of the assessment piece, more features (such as fixed positions, javascript, more advanced css usage) were learnt and implemented to develop a more engaging and interesting website. 
Python and Javascript are both lexically scoped, object-oriented, interpreted, functional, and imperative programming languages. Having previously learnt python, learning Javascript was easier due to the similarities between them. Thus, less time was required to be spent learning Javascript, and more could be spent implementing it. This was successful, as high marks were received for the javascript component of the assessment.

The final assessment piece did, however, not achieve high marks for documentation. 

 - “Website comparison explains key elements of both websites, but avoids analysing each element in depth, and just summarises at the end of the page” 

This was partially due to not analysing website components. It is said that if you can't explain something, you don't understand it well enough. Thus, as the documentation requirements were to explain the purposes of the HTML, CSS and Javascript present in websites, this suggests more study should have been done into the purposes instead of application. Thus, when doing future assessments, more focus will be on gaining a greater understanding of the theories behind concepts, before their implementation. This will also increase understanding, in turn making application easier. 

This knowledge of HTML is also beneficial for the next topic of study: web scraping. Beautifulsoup or other web scraping softwares require HTML component names/ids/tags to locate the required information; to implement this, knowing what those elements are is required. Thus, attaining knowledge of HTML was a necessity to continue study in web scraping. 
While experimenting with BeautifulSoup and Selenium, it was observed that locating and accessing components of websites by their tags, classes, etc was not difficult to do. This proves sufficient knowledge on HTML, CSS and Javascript has been attained, as they are used without difficulty.

Additionally, any task involving user interactivity will need a front-end, as mentioned above; this includes HTML. 